It seems that Su Linbian did not tell Li Zhenzhen about his relationship with Gu Li.
Li Zhenzhen, then help me find your precious secret
My dear, what do you want to tell me?
I told you that I don't like you when we first met, and you have nothing to do with me.
I definitely didn’t understand anything.
What did you say? I didn’t listen.
I'm telling you again about baby kisses, engagements, and sleeping in guest rooms.
I'm not here for all the crap.
This is all your meaning to me. My woman is not you.
But these days
You have forced yourself to be by my side
Are you still willing to go home with me, Gu Lin?
Did I do something wrong?
You want to interview me, who is my interviewer?
what did you tell him
I can make it clear
I won't have a good relationship with you
Can you make it clear?
He can really calm down
There can only be one too many